everybody welcome back that's the wrong
save file to northern land please the
binding of issac afterbirth plus one day
if they keep making expansions for this
game which I don't think they are but
the intro is gonna be like 90 minutes
long hey everybody welcome Akron Lyon
plays The Binding of Isaac after birth
plus and also there's another one super
mega eternal addition here 2021 version
don't laugh it could happen
Isaac is like tapped out here I'm gonna
do a normal style run Eve
I mean Eve if you would put money on her
being the first posted note that gets
filled up you would be like you know
you're talking about right you're
talking about northernlion
doesn't even know how to use the razor
blade doesn't understand it as an item
by the way she doesn't start with the
razor blade for whatever reason even
though it says she does 0 MJ h PM dr p
md r is the the penal commander not in a
fallacious way it's the prison's
commander on like a military ship like
in the 3rd Alien movie that I've never
seen I don't know what I'm talking about
anyway so weird layout for a floor we
were only one room away from the boss
fight to start with I kinda want to get
hit once to go into the Whore of Babylon
State I know we've unlocked the razor
blade it's like the game lied to us said
Eve now holds the razor blade and then
later it had its fingers crossed
do you guys subscribe to that notion by
the way the answer is probably no cuz I
imagine most of you that aren't that are
watching this are in the double digit
ages I always thought that was kind of
BS as a kid
we can't reroll so I think we just take
blood of the martyr it's it's good it's
just maybe there's this one of the ones
I underestimate her one of the ones I
overestimate I thought I under it sorry
I thought I overestimated it because it
made my tears red and I always assumed
that was like a damage quadrupling
before we had the HUD but yeah even as a
kid people would be like hey yeah Prem
is to come to your birthday party and
then they don't come to my birthday
party and I go
you know Michael Han soos what gives I
had my fingers crossed
this is totally not a real story but I
wanted you to believe it was a real
story momentarily
Michael Han soos is a former Center for
the Chicago Blackhawks Los Angeles Kings
Philadelphia Flyers etc etc anyway I
don't buy into that notion I think if
you say something you should mean it
unless it's obviously in a satirical
context I don't want the same rules that
I apply to other people applying to
myself I didn't realize actually not
only were we one room away from the
that's pretty much garbage
not only were we one room away from the
deal with the devil or is the boss
fight' I should say we were actually on
an Excel floor which means that that
first time we got hit ruined our deal
with the devil chance but you know you
can still beat the odds pick a number
between one and a hundred and I'm being
honest with you do it right now pick a
number between one and a hundred do it
did you choose a number between two and
thirty eight if you did you're 36
percent chance just panned out
congratulations if you pick the number
that was higher than that
well you're terrible at this game it's
not random chance I expected you to mind
my psychology for some useful
information and you know what you let me
down moving on though we have one more
tinted rock oh we might as well at least
pick up Dead Sea Scrolls I mean we can
use it I just don't like to use it
because it kind of stinks it's just not
really a good item some of the times it
can help us some of the times it can can
screw us pretty badly we could
potentially engineer a cube of meat to
show up by using it and I'll use it
again I don't know what that one was
doesn't look like our map has changed so
I think we got the shovel and then
something else I was hoping to get Book
of Revelations and create a cube of meat
but it's a pretty low percentage play so
not overly concerned plenty of spirit
hearts and hopefully an eternal heart
maybe or well disregard so don't really
care about the shop but the exception
will be if this is the secret room which
it is not all right
kind of a waste of two bombs there
we go down to the Duke of flies the run
seems okay so far I mean if damage-wise
it's very good we're working towards
bookworm which think is one of the like
it's one of the best transformations but
only because like a lot of the
transformations are just kind of jokes I
mean it's no copy transformation it's no
beelzebub transformation but it's
probably better than like the mom
transformation or you know fungi or
something like that either way though
champion monstro is gonna get taken out
here and we got nothing to worry about
except rolling the dice lucky us pretty
terrible deal you know what if we got we
already have mega Satan still let's try
to make some deals with the angel happen
here in that case I won't take the HP
because I don't want to ruin whore
Babylon it's a pretty big component in
our overall damage right now is this
another excel it is another excel floor
dude it never ends
but also this makes it faster I'm trying
to think of a real-world analogue that
makes any sense there and there just
isn't one just get through this quickly
pop this open five extra bombs that also
do some poison damage and then infinity
extra bombs that also do some poison
damage dude if we seen no we have seen
golden keys I'm trying to think like I
get so confused about what we have
unlocked and what we don't have unlocked
as of this point in the game because
like there's a ghost of a memory in my
head what it meant to be you will expect
to me I tried so hard dude that was like
verbal spaghetti but also apparently
that's how my brain remembers the lyrics
to in the end by Linkin Park
there's a ghost in my memory and it says
hey we could just get you know holy
mantle here I guess we could get holy
mantle we could just get this sight if
we could just get this sytem but they
may or may not actually exist in our
overall save file as of just yet I think
I figured out the pattern though I mean
I should know this considering I've done
it before
um no reroll machine makes me an unhappy
camper but let's see spider mods okay
mom's key is pretty good I'm not looking
for pretty good if I was looking for
pretty good I'd go eat a ham sandwich
right now but I'm not gonna go eat a ham
sandwich right now I'm gonna hold out
for maybe you know a prosciutto sandwich
on focaccia freshly baked I'm not in the
interest of just being pretty okay here
that's actually not true
my wife is away right now so I've been
eating just garbage
pretty much just and that's not to say
I've been eating unhealthy like a couple
of nights ago I went to the grocery
store I bought two red peppers three
jalapenos two green peppers three cans
of crushed tomatoes bunch of beans beef
stock ground beef etc et-cetera made
myself an enormous pot of chili the
macronutrient breakdown on it I assure
you is incredible I won't belabor the
point though it's a healthy meal I don't
know why chili is one of those foods
that I feel like people assume then it's
unhealthy even though it's basically a a
stew made with a lot of vegetables in it
but anyway I digress but when it comes
to I don't know if anybody else can
relate to this but there is a person
inside of me who is I like Oscar the
Grouch like he lives in a trash can and
when when your significant other is
there that gets suppressed you know cuz
I can't just eat two spoonfuls of peanut
butter for lunch cuz I could be judged
you know my wife could come out of her
office and be like why are you eating
peanut butter for lunch and then I got
to explain that deep inside of me
there's a man who wants to live in a
trash can in there you know it's it's a
little bit it's too real so now that
she's not here I've been I've been
maintaining a pretty adult regimen you
know I've done the
dishes I've done the laundry cleaned the
house bought the cats some cat food
clean the litter box etc etc but also if
I have like ten minutes for lunch I'm
like what if I just took a slice of
cheese and some ham out of the
refrigerator and just rolled it up maybe
put a little bit of Nando's extra hot
piri piri sauce in the middle that's not
that was a deck of cards
that's not a good lunch there's there's
a lot wrong with that lunch
it's a sad lunch and I'm not one of
those people you know sometimes people
that watch the stream they'll be like
you know I had a handful of tortilla
chips and you know a can of apple juice
for lunch I go that's sad they go that's
not know do being an adult means no one
can tell you that what you do is sad no
that's exactly the opposite of how it
works if a child had that for lunch you
would say the parents are negligent if
an adult has it for lunch you go oh no
baby what is you doing that's not okay
you know you're supposed to be eating
some kale now and then at least so I've
been striking a balance for sure I found
like my laziness like lost its luster
like I'm not gonna lie I love my wife
but I was looking forward at least a
little bit Ali along with the you know
the melancholy of like oh I'm gonna be
living alone for like ten days there was
a little bit of like you know Macaulay
Culkin I can do whatever I want you find
out I don't know I don't maybe it's just
me but whatever I want to do gets old
after like two days something I can play
here's a storm until 4:00 a.m. and eat
food that doesn't even taste that good
but is also bad for me oh I just ruined
whore Babylon like a like a moron like
two days in I was like I need a kale
salad I know this is like YouTube poison
as well youyou want me to be the guy
who's like not son I'm 30 and you can
eat hot pockets all the time and totally
maintain six-pack abs but I'm not I'm
just not lying to you that's that life
holds very little glam
for me anymore grab that you I mean we
could have gone deals with the angel but
I think at some point we just got to
accept like we got a chance here cuz I
know what it's like to be young cuz I
still sort of am I'm young in relation
to old people I used to be young in
relation to young people many of you are
probably in that space right now I know
you know you might have older siblings
or you know your parents are telling you
they're like you know you can't eat what
you want forever and still stay skinny
in your head you're like logically that
makes sense I am gonna take teleport but
you're like that's not gonna be me I'm
gonna be the exception that breaks the
rule 100% cuz I know what it's I know
what it's like you think you're not
necessarily invincible and this
obviously doesn't apply to everybody
when I bring up stuff like this
oftentimes people go well you know I've
had eight brain surgeries since I was
born I obviously don't think I'm
invincible look you're the exception of
the rule keep it up no question it's
very noble and B it's very human story
and I appreciate you sharing your
perspective on it but cuz I thought I
was in that boat as well let's do it
we should just teleport out but I'm here
to tell you that it's it's a good thing
you will age you will grow up but as you
do you'll find that it's not a bad thing
it's a good thing most of the time I
think every age strata we should play
that guy why not right
check all this stuff that we missed
before earlier I think every age strata
holds interesting things and I say that
as somebody who has only existed in like
what have I been at like a toddler don't
remember been a young child been a
middle schooler been a teenager been a
young adult I'm probably just an adult
now I'm probably at the point where you
know if you saw me get arrested for
something stupid as opposed to something
smart which I don't even know what that
would be political protest or something
you saw me get arrested for something
stupid you would be like he should know
better if like 20 year old gets arrested
for something you know like public
mischief you're like you know what they
should still know better they shouldn't
have been doing it but they're young
everybody's young once you see a 50 year
old get arrested for public mischief you
go hmm what happened you know it's not
necessarily fair maybe we should judge
everybody on a similar spectrum but I
think that's a valid thing you know I
think that's how a lot of people think
but I don't know dude honestly like I
like being 28 what do I like about being
28 I have a stable life I'm kind of like
I have a routine things are not in flux
when I was younger it was you know what
are you gonna be doing next year I don't
really know I don't even they haven't
released the course calendar for the
third year yet so I am NOT a hundred
percent sure when you're like 11 years
old every year is like nine percent of
your life so it's it's a huge change now
every year is like three percent of my
life you're kind of like a similar
person year over a year once you get out
of your your early 20s I think but I'm
looking forward to you know being in my
30s as well
and to be honest with you I think I'm
like most looking I don't want to rush
it you know I'm enjoying the roses along
the way no question I think I'm like
most looking forward to being 50 like 50
to 55 cuz I think there's just something
about a 50 to 55 year old man that like
commands a certain level of respect like
when I see a a kempt 50 year old man in
public I go you know what that guy's
probably got some stories he's got some
wisdom he's got some lessons he's
probably like the CEO of Merrill Lynch
I'm not accusing him of tax evasion
necessarily but you know ever every 50
year-old I meet in public is like a CEO
in my head cuz I never actually talked
to them because of you know mild social
anxiety but also the social convention
of you know just go out and talk to
strangers like this is in 1920s
Minnesota or something like that people
have got places to be
probably anyway
I'm even looking forward to being 80 if
I would first off it's a privilege to
make it that far I think it a lot of
people won't there's a chance I won't
hopefully modern medicine keeps me going
until then but we'll see people are
optimistic you know I think people my
age 25 percent of them think we're
probably gonna live forever that'd be
sick I'm all-in I'm not one of those
people who's like it's only special if
it has an ending you know look at
jeopardy jeopardy special no ending on
the horizon for that price is right
still going everybody thought it would
die when Drew Carey took over there's
probably other analogies that we could
use that aren't related to game shows
but I'm not interested in those okay but
I'm looking forward to being 80 you know
why I mean there's yeah probably
aches and pains and you know seeing
loved ones struggle with health concerns
you know friends maybe not there any
longer but at the same time you can do
whatever you want you're 80 the worst
thing that anybody's gonna do is be like
he's old you can get away with it it's
not like I even have
desires that could only come out as an
eighty-year-old but it's just like I
would finally be able to judge people
with good reason hey is that where I'm
really gonna finish that one obvious ad
like I'm so burdened as a young person
I'm expected to look at evidence and
change my opinion and you know think
about things logically and have a
barometer for the you know societal
attitudes that change over time that's a
lot of work dude it's much much easier
to just hold an opinion and then if
somebody goes that's ignorant you go
come on dude he's 80 you did try to
explain to an 80 year old what cosplay
is a lot of 80 year olds I'm sure
open-minded you know some of them you
know one bad apple don't spoil the bunch
but I'm just saying if there's ever a
time to not be open-minded it's when
you're 80 northernlion that's ignorant
look it is ignorant all right I'm
cracking a joke apologies if it does it
doesn't hit a hundred percent I'll be
honest with you I was gonna say I know
some cool 80 year olds but I don't I'm
like one order away from that in
abstraction I know that there are
probably some cool 80 year olds
I don't know them I don't run an 80 year
old circles okay I know like cool people
plus or minus five years of my exact age
at the present moment I don't run in
circles outside of that not as a rule
just as like a day I barely leave the
house for the most part we're gonna do
with the world card
well forget me now is really more of a
really more of a boss rush escape give
me a second here to caffeinate
and spill half of the coffee on my
mousepad
there you go
I don't know I'm just saying it's rough
because you know I well it's not rough
but I talked to people I remember and I
think I've told this story before but
you know we're on episode 8000 so that's
gonna happen from time to time a friend
of mine in college his birthday was one
month before mine he was 19 he turned 20
I talked to him and he was like visibly
down and I was like dude what's going on
hey Singh you read it
that's a stupid what do we get together
in coloureds case enough Paul Simon
references but um he said like you know
it I'm old now I just turned 20 as a 28
year old that sentence seems hilarious
in hindsight it kind of seemed delirious
at the time I was like what are you
talking about there's people you know
everybody's I think got their own
well maybe not everybody but a lot of
people have like their own threshold for
when they think you know young life ends
and and what things hold after that I
don't know I sort of disagree I do until
life becomes pain I'm happy to be there
like if I'm a hundred and I'm in
relatively good spirits heck yeah I hope
that if I made it to a hundred I
wouldn't be like I wish I was twenty I
hope that every day I wake up I'm like
oh my god I'm a hundred that's amazing
I've lived for an earth century I hope
that I would be like that I think a lot
of people would but I'm here to tell you
I did you know life doesn't necessarily
stop as he aged she got you got Pinochle
class shuffleboard me and my friends go
on a cruise once every seed I'm
pretending to be older than I am right
now is the joke there hundred percent
chance of a deal with the devil here I'm
just donating as much as I can because
because we can can't believe we haven't
gotten any more damage since the first
Excel floor although I would like to
make boss rush I also accepts might be a
little on the the close side I think we
got a decent chance but oh that was a
bad bomb it wouldn't surprise me if we
all just walk
freaking blew fire wouldn't surprise me
if we just slightly whiff on being able
to make it just realize our luck stat is
pretty good which is very valuable when
you're very valuable when you're relying
on red hearts to drop
we could always it's a tough one
skirt we could always use the devil card
to make the mom fight go faster because
we don't really have like a great anti
mom build right now but I think we'll
still be able to do it like within a
minute here and if we can for example
because dang baby I can't do it that
fast but I know someone who can Ludo
it's not Luda it's twisted you get the
idea though heck I guess that's my
preachy soapbox for today you know you
might say NL you've gone on this rant
before but at least it's not in talking
about programming again I don't know
what I didn't realize everybody gets so
offended by the program you talk I was
kind of mining it for a joke you know
the a e.substring indices start at zero
it's it's offensive to some people even
it's just stick to talking about the
National Hockey League
Oh hockey's not cool now we got it okay
I'll stick to talking about divinity all
you stinking divinity don't talk about
divinity okay I'll talk about you know
Canadian culture we hear enough of a Dae
& L's Canadian you can't win you know I
got to talk about these universal
experiences cheese cheese is good they
all like it oh I'm lactose intolerant
you know what get out then get out of
that enough of this I don't mean that
I'm just you got to take the negative
there I know you were thinking he's
gonna forget the negative no chance
buddy we were seven seconds too short
for boss rush well we're just going to
the negative path so we might as well
just use forget-me-now right now to get
another item room
I should say to get another item room at
minimum that's pretty solid I don't want
you to leave if you're
lactose-intolerant I was that was
ignorant of me but there's always like
don't take this the wrong way people who
are lactose intolerant you got no choice
in the matter all right
but you are you do represent everything
that I hate on this planet that's not
true you represent some of what I
dislike on the internet which is like
hey cheese is good and then someone in
chat goes will let if you're allergic to
it in this case I'm throwing the baby
out with the bathwater that's a very
valid reason to not like cheese you know
what's weird is that like we as a
society or at least me as a judgmental
person we treat some allergies as more
real than other ones like if someone
goes I'm allergic to peanuts
everybody goes oh that must be hard some
people I just drop my my mouse pad on
the ground here but some people and I
don't I'll never understand this line of
reasoning I know that some stand-up
comedians hold it I don't hold it
against them because they're telling
jokes but at the same time they go like
look if they want to eat peanuts who
cares if it's poison for some people I
should be able to eat him they should be
the ones who are treated as lepers what
is wrong with you that's an extremely oh
no baby what is you doing what have you
built up a tolerance to arsenic you
start taking it out everywhere dusting
it around play it's it's not my fault
you haven't built up an immunity to
arsenic and Al that's a logical extreme
is it
peanuts are literally poison to some
people I love I'll say it okay I love
nuts and you can take that out of
context if you want that's like the
oldest double entendre in the book but I
love nuts
I could literally I was saying earlier
in the episode
I mean peanut butter out of the jar I
love it
if you can't like make a lunch for your
kid that doesn't have nuts in it you
can't you know go on an airplane without
eating some peanuts come on have some
sympathy for your fellow man but either
way
nut allergies are considered like one of
the valid ones I'm guilty of this too
sometimes people go up I'm allergic to
apples and I go come on
what do you mean you're allergic to
apples that's not a thing
spoilers it's totally a thing Nick's a
little allergic to apples I say a little
allergic cuz it's like it I mean I guess
he's fully allergic but the symptoms
aren't that bad
I had another I had a friend in
University and I want to spoil this
right off the bat by the way this is a
real thing he claimed to be allergic to
shrimp but only the small shrimp big
string all this should have done that
big shrimp regular-sized shrimp no
problem but you know we we had our
university cafeteria so they were using
cheap shrimp and it's the tiny stuff and
we were we were all like you are an
idiot
how you can't just be allergic to one
kind of shrimp you could totally be
allergic to one kind of shrimp as we
found out later that's pretty good I
feel for you because I'm and I think the
majority of people on earth are in this
boat I I'm not allergic to anything I
think that's the norm I'm not allergic
to much at least like I don't have
spring allergies really or you know
summer allergies hay fever etc etc and I
can eat pretty much any food I used to
but it made me self-conscious when I go
to the doctor they go to you know do you
have any allergies and I go well like my
great grandfather's allergic to
penicillin so we're not sure it's like
just to have something to tell the
doctor if I say no the doctor might
think I don't know what an allergy is
but if I say I might be allergic to this
then you know surely we've got some kind
of non allergenic penicillin at this
point right penicillin was invented and
like that for the 20s or something
anyway the point is that's silly we're
gonna you know we as a society think
that some allergies are more valid than
others like a shellfish allergy hundred
percent everyone goes I get it yeah
shellfish very common allergy if I was
like I'm allergic to bananas I think
like 80 percent of people would be like
no you're not
you know I mean I'm not in this case
you're right but don't let that distract
you strange to me just just some little
bone to pick you can't choose what
you're allergic to
sometimes your allergies change as you
get older too like I think I might be
getting mildly lactose intolerant
either that or let's just I know that we
could probably take both and permanent
polaroid invincibility is obviously a
good thing to have but why not just
double up on the negative just in case
one takes precedent over the other
I don't mind sacrificing a spirit heart
here to finish this off
it's either that or you know the fact
that all of my tissues are slowly
getting older and you know mildly not
working as well as they used to is he is
starting to catch up with me you know
it's one of the two sometimes I'll eat
cheese and then like a few hours later I
go stomach could feel better not quite
like terrible yet but could feel better
Aroo the day if you had to get rid of
one food group let's and and it still
maintains the health consequences it's
not like you can just get rid of
vegetables and then you don't need them
anymore
if you had to cut one food group
completely out of your diet what would
you cut out I don't even remember what
all the food groups are to be honest
with you cuz the pyramid was built by
like you know the Quaker Oats Company
Shiva
25 servings of oats and grains every day
oh sorry we meant to that was supposed
to be the one for livestock but now it's
out for public consumption I think you
know meat fruits and vegetables dairy
grains oh dude it's pretty good
[Music]
not good enough I think that dairy is
like my number one to get rid of I love
cheese
I do we don't need it and we don't need
cheese either I would I would be sad
everyday that I could no longer have
cheese that I had taken a cosmic wager
that made it implausible for me to eat
cheese but it's really only cheese
there's a lot of cheeses but I think I'd
get over it I've really I think I like
bread and rice more than I like cheese
and I think I passed of course as well
but and I think that if you got rid of
fruits and vegetables I would be dead
within like five years so I think it's
probably I know a lot of you are gonna
say fruits and vegetables and I respect
that you know it takes different strokes
to rule the world but I don't know I I
quite like them I think a lot of people
quite like them I think the second
easiest camp to get rid of as meat to be
honest with you can still eat legumes as
long as you got fruits and vegetables in
there it would be harder to give up then
dairy but I think it's I mean obviously
it's very doable there's a lot of people
live their lives with that dietary
choice to begin with just an interesting
question I think it's like the question
of you know if you had to give up one of
the you know the primary starch ously if
you had to give up potatoes rice pasta
or bread which one would you get rid of
first
I probably get rid of past the first I
know I say it weird that's not the
subject of the conversation you're
trying to derail me right now to be
honest with you I don't really
appreciate it trying to have a
conversation here you know get to know
the person watching the video a little
bit give them some questions that they
can ask themselves and in the process
maybe learn a little bit more about
themselves and about the people around
them it's like a little miniature NL SS
or something but that would definitely I
would dump past in a heartbeat I love
bread toast bagels sandwiches what about
tortillas to be honestly to be honest
with you don't eat enough tortillas for
them to factor in probably but I wish I
did
I'm jealous I'm jealous that you
apparently do rice would be next up
though bread is just like I'm too
European like somewhere in in my
ancestral history there was like a line
of a hundred generations in a row where
the only things people consumed were
like 3% stouts a loaf of bread and like
half of a brick of cheese every day I
can feel it calling to me on an
ancestral level you know every every
time my body's like I'm hungry I'm like
eat body what are you hungry for it it's
like eat a single Apple and eight slices
of bread with a pickle and I'm like it's
not that's not right dude you sure you
don't want like a lentil soup no I don't
want a lentil soup
give me a Guinness half a kilogram of
unleavened dough and a wheel of Brie
that's not a good that's not a good
lunch
I'm not glamorizing this the bread beer
and cheese lifestyle by the way we're
gonna win like outrageously it's
actually like an ideal win condition for
me because we're not even gonna have a
chance to fight hush just remember just
remember we do not want to go to the
cathedral we would like to go to Joe we
won't go to Cathedral we will go to
Sheol
any chance you can block some of these
incoming shots dark bum it's not really
in your wheelhouse but would have
appreciated it either way little cheese
just gonna be awesome you a little
cheesed kind of whipped on these deals
with the devil I thought dim bulb is
doing good work for us but it's really
banking on kind of getting some more
devil deals we get like three over the
course of the whole game mind you we did
have excel floors so it's a little on
the that dampens your expected value
okay I just didn't tell a frag by
enemies dude never gets old we're immune
to explosions remember that one day they
might heal us for now we just have
immunity
it's probably not actually like you know
in my genetics maybe it is in my
genetics a little bit to have a a
preference for like you know breads and
dairy products but probably actually
just the way that I grew up I don't know
about you guys but I have this feeling
like in North America like every
generation we've gotten better at
cooking I don't know if that's true in
other parts of the world but you know
Canada's a young country all right my
the way my grandparents told stories of
what their parents cooked it was like
hey we boiled like a pork hock and then
served it with raw corn next to it and
then my grandparents when they cooked I
didn't even if I did not eat these as a
kid I wouldn't know they existed and I
actually like me because I hate them so
much as a kid I like them but it's a
little weird
my grandmother is like number one meal
that she cooked would be like ham
nothing wrong with ham
but then as a side there would be like
these potatoes that came in a can and
then you baked them but they're kind of
like already boiled they're like power
boiled potatoes or something this is
like precooked potatoes that you bake in
the oven my parents you know they're
part of the radical generation that came
after that by the way on my on my
father's side my grandmother's meal was
like boiled hot dogs wrapped in white
bread because there's no hot dog buns
and then like a can of coca-cola classic
but um my parents started getting a like
you know world foods to some extent so
it's pretty radical but my grandparents
standards you know they're eating rice
pretty wild right you can tell how
monocultures my my family is as we go
back here but you know so we would eat
things like maybe the Indian food and
Korean my mom eats sushi even though my
dad thinks the idea of sushi is a little
weird you know they're like the little
one more step towards progressive and
then with me it's taking a step back and
that's because I'm even
ham and sliced cheese rolled up with a
little bit of Nando's extra hot piri
piri sauce see it's a little a little
bit of a callback there that's what we
call a punchline the structured joke
it's pretty rare in this business from
yours truly thank you for the spirit
heart but no I think that's true you
know I'll eat anything now you know deep
fried pig's head I lived in Korea we I
wouldn't say all the time but frequently
we just as a side dish you know you know
the idea is you go to a bar in America
they'll have like nuts some places in
Korea have insects called bunde eggie
which are like little meal worm pupae we
just eat those they taste like garbage I
ate them cuz I didn't want to be seen as
unworldly I fancy myself a little you
know world traveling Anthony Bourdain
they're garbage don't eat them some of
you are like but they have less
environmental impact than meat
that's very true you can still get a lot
of protein out of an insect but they
taste like it tastes like dirt that's
fine if we go through an apocalypse I'm
an easygoing dude if we go through an
apocalypse there's like a nuclear winter
and we have to eat crickets to survive
I'll eat the crickets that's it's gonna
be bad for my morale but I'll do it I'll
suck it up
but as enjoying the the pleasures of not
having to eat insects right now is very
positive in my opinion all right
great work team down to the next floor
we this is the right way right like
we've already done yeah is the right way
oh so that's the problem we unlocked the
razor blade for Eve before we unlock the
razor blade as an item so that's an
interesting one that's pretty much trash
yeah we're going the right way we're
going the right way all we need to do is
get greedy or mode done with Eve and
then we're set
I don't know if that is it's like that
in other countries cuz I feel like when
I hear people from other countries talk
sometimes they're like you know this is
my great great great great grandmother's
you know sausage penne recipe passed
down from like the Genoa region northern
Italy or something like that and I know
when I lived in Korea sometimes you this
is like an anecdote that happened to me
once but you know talked to people who
were a little older and they'd be like
yeah kids these days just even though
you know North American food like
McDonald's and Pizza Hut and they were
like they're losing the touch with the
Korean food I feel like North American
food has gotten better I eat a lot of
boiled meats as a kid maybe I was just
buying the times that he grows I grew up
in a rural area well I mean I'd told you
like I went I lived next to a farm and
the people who owned the farm had a
child who was one year younger than me
so by virtue of the fact that we lived
close together we had to be friends even
though like we'd share no mutual
interests I wished him nothing but the
best but you know it was it was a
friendship of circumstance and that's
fine went over to his house for lunch
one day he's like hey you want you want
one of these I said what is it I look at
it it's a hotdog bun with Miracle Whip
in it that's it
No thank you sir I will I will stay
hungry and that's okay you know some
people might be into that
don't get me I just you know what now
that I think about it
have I become that which I that which I
hate if I had a child and their friend
came over I'd be like hey you want one
they're like what is it oh it's just a
little sliced ham with cheese inside
some Nando's piri-piri extra hot dude
some others snobby youtuber telling the
story like the year 2040 no he went over
to my friends house he was just eating
lunch meat straight out of the bag what
a weirdo this is this was a weird
episode for commentary it's also like
the longest Isak episode we've had in
what feels like years and I'm happy with
that dude we got a lot accomplished here
we never got absurdly overpowered we
just dark bomb basically allowed us to
ball out because we have like enough HP
to do whatever the heck we want excuse
me sir um if we could take a bunch of
damage I think we actually played
relatively well you know I was hoping to
get into today's episode get off on a
little bit of zany commentary whether or
not it involved Michael hands Seuss
either way it's okay by me
I think we've accomplished that goal I
hope you guys had a nice little sojourn
with me today down absurdity lane we're
not gonna do a victory lap delirium
doesn't exist yet so we're just out and
black lipstick I don't think I even know
what this does either way thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
upside a great deal of course subscribe
if you want to see more in the future
but for now thanks for watching and I'll
see you next time